this video from tes 2018 is brought to
you by D brand makers of sick skins for
your mobile devices game consoles and
controllers check him out at V Francom
clash des 2018 so over in monitor land
the big focus for LG this year is nano
cell IPS displays boasting up to 500
nits peak brightness and HDR 10 support
with 98% coverage at the DCI p3 color
space they're showing off a 5k
ultra-wide that's a first with
Thunderbolt 3 input as well as display
point input and finally LG freaking
finally a g-sync
34 inch 120 Hertz gaming display so
that's about 20% faster than a sir's
predator x 34 but I got distracted from
the monitors and I ended up over here
because already they are replacing the
Graham
that we just reviewed we just reviewed
the core 8 gen Graham actually yeah
James is using what we just got this
like like a month ago and we were like
okay this is a great laptop it's super
light it's got great battery it's
quad-core now which is flippin sick up
to 16 gigs ram except for a few small
issues the webcam is here which is kind
of a bummer the fingerprint sensor
certain biometrics is great but it's
here which is kind of a bummer and this
type C port isn't Thunderbolt so you
just can't run it with an external
graphics card well you know what this
one is all of this is the buyer's
remorse model because it's got a bigger
battery than ever before the same
structurally reinforced chassis it's got
the touch sensor for your fingerprint
built into the power button now so you
have your full trackpad to use it's got
a core I know what was the other thing
oh yes it's got the webcam moved up to
the top yes and finally Thunderbolt
support on the ground so that means high
speed external peripherals that means
external graphics making it far more
competitive
with the blade stealth quad-core that I
have been reading off of under the lens
sorry to break the illusion there and
basically I cannot wait to get my hands
on this and run it through the paces
because the one thing we're LG can lose
to the blade stealth here is in max
turbo speeds that's going to hurt their
gaming performance compared to the
blades belt if they haven't improved
that since date here we go last gen
Graham the last gen a month ago Graham
so thanks to D Bren for sponsoring this
video guys check them out over at D
brand.com slash CES 2018 D brand makes
fantastic high quality perfectly fitted
skins for your mobile devices be they
phones or laptops for your game console
your game controller their configurator
is awesome so you can see exactly what
your stuffs gonna look like once you
apply your new skin they're affordable
they ship worldwide and guys I need your
help here because I've been kind of a
Graham fanboy for a bit and be brand to
my knowledge at this time does not
support the Graham I want you guys to
let them know in the comments if you
want to see a grand skin because I sure
do
that'd be great thanks so guys you can
dislike you can like you can subscribe
to you miss any of our CES 2018 content
and we will see you at the next one